*Our Theory*

Don't worry, it's simple. I/E, N/S, F/T and P/J. 
Stands for: 
Introvert/Extrovert,
iNtuitive/Sensing,
Feeling/Thinking, and
Prospective/Judging. (Not Percy Jackson, Poor Joke or Pajamas.)

Still don't get it? $

Introvert Or Extrovert(I/E)?

Extrovert:
Love talking, screaming at the top of ur lungs, freak out 
everyone,  no teeny bit of doubt you are an Extrovert. 
Extroverts tend to be very friendly, open, and highly energetic.
Trust me if you are an extrovert it means you have loads of 
people skills.
You probably love partying and socialising. 
Project submission is today and you have not yet started 
(lol doesn't that happen a bit too often) you know what to 
do,just talk to your teacher and convince her to extend the 
submission day,  bah you'll do it like a boss.$

Introvert:
Introverts are those guys who live in a shell. Which means 
they're a hermit crab. :P
They don't mind being alone. In fact, they will not function 
properly  without occasional alone time.
They can get drained by spending too much time talking to 
friends or socialising.
They do not like noise and normally do not like parties.$

Feeling Or Thinking(F/T)?

Feeling:
I am concerned with values and what is the best for the people 
involved. 
I like to do whatever will establish or maintain harmony. 
In my relationships, I appear caring, warm, and tactful.
I look for what is important for others and express concern for 
others. I believe being tactful is more important than 
telling the "cold" truth.
I am sometimes experienced by others as too mushy or 
indirect.$

Thinking:
I like to ananlyze pros and cons, and then be consistent and 
logical in deciding.
I try to be impersonal, so I won't let my personal wishes-or other 
people's wishes-influence me.
I look for logical explanations or solutions to almost everything.
Sometimes I miss or don't value the "people" part of a situation.
I can be seen as too task-oriented, uncaring, or indifferent.$

iNtuitive Or Sensing(N/S)?

Intuitive:
Intuitors are happy to trust  their subconsciousness and 
'sixth sense', gut feel or whatever you want to call it.
They tend to focus on the future, where they will plan to 
change the world rather than continue to live in the 
imperfect present.
At work, they like to acquire new skills and working at the 
strategic level.
They may seem as impractical, theoretical and lacking 
determination by sensors.
I trust impressions, symbols, and metaphors more than what i 
actually experienced.
Sometimes I think so much about new possibilities that i 
never look  at how to make them reality.$

Sensors pay attention to both immediate data from their 
five senses and from thir own direct experiences. 
They create meaning from conscious thought, rather than 
trusting their subconscious, limiting their attention to facts 
and solid data.
They focus on what is immediate, practical and real, and
 live life as it is.
They may seem as frivolous and short sighted by Intuitors.
I remember events as snapshots of what actually happened.
Sometimes i pay so much attention to facts, either present or past, 
that i miss new possibilities.$

Prospective Or Judging(P/J)

Prospective:
Order? What's that? Never heard of it! Prospective individuals
 are the ultimate improvisers.
These individuals also tend to procrasinate and leave things
 for later.
They keep their goals open and are very flexible. 
They do not see much use in making a detailed plan as things
 never go according to plan.
They may seem too laid-back or non-serious to J types.$

Judging:
Chaos is the law of nature, order is the law of man! J types are 
hugely meticulous and they stick to a plan.
They work on goals as fixed deadlines to be completed.
They are organised and they do not like untidy places.
They come off as too rigid to P types.
$











